{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green0\blue85;\red106\green62\blue62;\red0\green0\blue192;
\red63\green127\blue95;\red42\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c41569\c24314\c24314;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;
\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 This is the gradesDemo class\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
package\cf0  p4;\
\cf2 import\cf0  java.util.Scanner;\
\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 class\cf0  GradeDemo\
\
\{\
	\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 static\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  main(String [] \cf3 args\cf0 )\
\{\
		\
Scanner \cf3 \ul \ulc3 keyboard\cf0 \ulnone  = \cf2 new\cf0  Scanner(System.\cf4 in\cf0 );\
grades \cf3 totalGrade\cf0  = \cf2 new\cf0  grades (); \cf5 // new object\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf3 totalGrade\cf0 .initialize();\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 for\cf0  (\cf2 int\cf0  \cf3 i\cf0  = 1; \cf3 i\cf0  <=5; \cf3 i\cf0 ++)\
	\{\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf3 totalGrade\cf0 .getStudentInfo();\
\cf3 totalGrade\cf0 .calculateGrade();\
\cf3 totalGrade\cf0 .printStudentInfo();\
\cf3 totalGrade\cf0 .printFinalgrade();\
\
	\}\
\
\
\}\
	\
\}\cf5 //end class\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Class Grades, sorry I Did not call it StudentRecord.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 package\cf0  p4;\
\cf2 import\cf0  java.util.Scanner;\
\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 class\cf0  grades\
\{\
  \cf2 private\cf0  String \cf4 name\cf0 ;\
  \cf2 private\cf0  \cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 quiz1\cf0 ;\
  \cf2 private\cf0  \cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 quiz2\cf0 ;\
  \cf2 private\cf0  \cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 midterm\cf0 ;\
  \cf2 private\cf0  \cf2 int\cf0  \cf4 finalExam\cf0 ;\
  \cf2 private\cf0  \cf2 double\cf0  \cf4 finalScore\cf0 ;\
  Scanner \cf4 keyboard\cf0  = \cf2 new\cf0  Scanner(System.\cf4 in\cf0 );\
  \
\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  initialize ()\
\
\{\
\}\
  \
  \cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  calculateGrade()\
  \{\
    \cf4 finalScore\cf0  = ((\cf4 quiz1\cf0 +\cf4 quiz2\cf0 )*1.25) + (\cf4 midterm\cf0 *.25) + (\cf4 finalExam\cf0 *.50);\
    \cf2 char\cf0  \cf3 \ul \ulc3 score\cf0 \ulnone ;\
  \}\
\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  getStudentInfo()\
\{\
\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println( \cf6 "Time to calculate your grade. Please tell me, what is your name?"\cf0 );\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf4 name\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextLine();\
String \cf3 \ul \ulc3 emtString\cf0 \ulnone  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextLine();\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "What is your quiz 1 score out of 10?"\cf0 );\
\cf4 quiz1\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextInt();\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "What was your score for quiz 2 out of 10?"\cf0 );\
\cf4 quiz2\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextInt();\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "What was your score for your midterm out of 100?"\cf0 );\
\cf4 midterm\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextInt();\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "What was your score for your final exam out of 100?"\cf0 );\
\cf4 finalExam\cf0  = \cf4 keyboard\cf0 .nextInt();\
\}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  printStudentInfo()\
\{\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "The student name is "\cf0  + \cf4 name\cf0 );\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Your quiz 1 grade is "\cf0  + \cf4 quiz1\cf0 );\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Your quiz 2 grade is "\cf0  + \cf4 quiz2\cf0 );\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Your midterm grade is "\cf0  + \cf4 midterm\cf0 );\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "Your final exam grade is "\cf0  + \cf4 finalExam\cf0 );\
System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "The final score for the student is "\cf0  + \cf4 finalScore\cf0 );\
\}\
\
\cf2 public\cf0  \cf2 void\cf0  printFinalgrade()\
\{ \
	\cf2 if\cf0  (\cf4 finalScore\cf0  >= 90) \
	\{ System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "You get an A, Great Job!"\cf0 );\
			\
	\}\
	\
\cf2 else\cf0  \cf2 if\cf0  (\cf4 finalScore\cf0  >= 80) \
	\{\
	 System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "You get a B.Nice Job!"\cf0 );\
	\
	\}\
\
\cf2 else\cf0  \cf2 if\cf0  (\cf4 finalScore\cf0  >= 70) \
	\{\
	 System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "You get a C, not bad but you can do better."\cf0 );\
	\
	\}\
\cf2 else\cf0  \cf2 if\cf0  (\cf4 finalScore\cf0  >= 60) \
	\{ System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "You get a D, more time needs to be spent studying."\cf0 );\
	\}\
	\
	\
\cf2 else\cf0  \
	\{\
		System.\cf4 out\cf0 .println(\cf6 "You got an F. Clearly some studying needs to be done."\cf0 );\
	\}\
	\
	\}\
\}\
}